Alright everyone, let's get started. Thanks for joining today's sprint planning meeting. We have a lot to cover.
As you know, we're heading into the final three weeks before the 2.5 release, so we need to prioritize our remaining tasks and address any blockers.
Before we dive in, I wanted to mention that I've resolved the caching issue we discussed last week.
The performance tests are showing a 40% improvement in response time. I've pushed the changes to the development branch if anyone wants to take a look.
That's great news, Marcus! I'll review the code later today.
Excellent work, Marcus. Priya, can you take a look at it by tomorrow afternoon? It's not very complex, shouldn't take more than an hour.
Yes, I can do that, no problem.
Great. Just make sure to log any issues you find in Jira so Marcus can address them before the end of the week.
Moving on to our main agenda items. The first critical feature we need to complete is the new authentication system. David, can you give us an update on where we stand?
Sure. I've implemented the OAuth 2.0 integration, but I'm still having some issues with the token refresh mechanism. I think I'll need another three days to get it fully working.
The main challenge is handling token expiration gracefully without disrupting the user experience.
David, I faced a similar issue on my previous project. I can sit with you after this meeting to share how we solved it.
That would be incredibly helpful, thanks Marcus.
Great collaboration, team. David, try to wrap up that OAuth token refresh by next Tuesday, okay? We need to leave enough time for testing.
Got it. I'll have it done by Tuesday afternoon, assuming there are no major roadblocks.
And Marcus, can you sit with David today after the meeting? Maybe around 2 PM?
Yeah, my calendar's clear after 2. Works for me.
While we're on the authentication topic, I've noticed our error messages to users aren't very helpful. Can we improve those as part of this release?
Good point, Priya. Do you think you could take that on? Maybe talk to the UX team about the wording?
Sure, I can handle that. I'll have something ready by the end of next week.
Perfect. Next on our agenda is the new dashboard feature. Marcus, you're leading this effort. How's it coming along?
The basic structure is in place. I've implemented the widget framework and data fetching layer. Now we need to build the individual visualization components and connect them to the API.
I was hoping we could split up the visualization work. There are five main components, and it would speed things up if we divide them among the team.
I can take on the metrics chart once I finish the authentication work.
I'd be happy to handle the user activity timeline. That aligns well with the work I did on the reporting module last sprint.
I can work on the status overview widget. That leaves the resource allocation chart and the alerts panel.
I'll take those two. Can everyone get their components done by next Friday?
Should be doable.
Works for me.
I'll add these assignments to our sprint board after the meeting.
I have a concern about the upcoming API changes. The backend team mentioned they're refactoring the endpoints we're using for the dashboard. Has anyone spoken with them about this?
Good point, David. I wasn't aware of that. We need to coordinate with them.
I'll talk to Raj from the backend team tomorrow. Can find out what their timeline looks like.
I'd like to join that conversation since my work depends heavily on their APIs.
Sure, I'll set something up for tomorrow morning and send you a calendar invite.
Let's move on to discuss our testing strategy for this release. We need to make sure we have comprehensive test coverage, especially for the new features.
I've been working on expanding our unit test suite. Currently, we're at about 78% coverage, but I'd like to get that above 85% before the release.
I've also set up the integration tests for the authentication flow, but we'll need similar tests for the dashboard.
I'll write the integration tests for the dashboard once all the components are in place. Should we also consider adding some end-to-end tests?
End-to-end tests would be valuable, especially for the critical user journeys. I can set up the framework and write a few examples, then we can all contribute.
David, how long would it take you to set up that framework?
I can have it ready by next Thursday if I start after finishing the authentication work.
That works. Priya, can you hit that 85% coverage target by the end of the month?
Yes, that shouldn't be a problem. I'll focus on the critical paths first.
And Marcus, aim to have those dashboard integration tests done by the end of the month, okay?
Got it. I'll start once all the dashboard components are ready.
Finally, let's talk about documentation. We need to update the developer docs for the new features and create user guides for the dashboard.
I can update the API documentation to reflect any changes. Should we involve the technical writing team for the user guides?
Yes, definitely. I'll talk to Julia from the documentation team this week about collaborating on the user guides.
I'll handle the developer documentation for the authentication system once it's complete.
And I'll write up the technical details for the dashboard framework for the documentation team.
Great, let's try to have all docs wrapped up by the first week of April.
That's fine for the API docs. I can have them ready by April 2nd if that works?
That's perfect, Priya. David and Marcus, same timeframe work for you?
I can have the auth docs done by the end of the month.
Same here for the dashboard documentation.
Great job, team. I think we have a solid plan for the final push to the 2.5 release. Any other concerns or issues we should discuss?
I'll be out next Tuesday morning for a doctor's appointment, just so everyone knows.
Thanks for letting us know, David.
I've scheduled a demo of the dashboard framework for next Wednesday at 2 PM. Would be great if you all could attend and give feedback.
I've added it to my calendar. Looking forward to it.
I'll be there too. Will you send the meeting link?
Yeah, I'll send out a calendar invite right after this.
Perfect. Let's meet again same time next week to check on our progress.
Make sure to keep your Jira tickets updated as you go. Any final questions?
Alright then. Thanks everyone for your time. Let's have a great sprint!
Thanks, Sarah. Bye everyone!
Thanks, bye!
Thanks for running the meeting, Sarah. Talk to you all later.